There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.

Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010. #factoftheday #fod

Princess Peach didn’t move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character.

Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words “Astro” meaning “star” and “naut” meaning “sailor”. So astronaut literally means “star sailor”.

The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes”.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the midwest, not the South.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.

“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.

The line, “Born and raised in South Detroit” in Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin” actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.

When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.

A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both effect levels of a blood-clotting protein.

The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.

The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.

MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.

“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.

The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.

A recently discovered deep-sea snail, the Scaly-Foot Gastropod, has a shell that is impressively developed. So much so, that the U.S. military is trying to use its design to inspire defensive layers in military armor.

Zebras have only one toe on each foot.

Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.

Hello there I am an example test #wow #iWork #twitter

